Well, what do you need to worry about? Retirement. They want, um, you
know, there is a lot of talk right now about altering the retirement
system on going to a high three or going thio competition for a wood
que, um, you want to try to invest as much as you can if for one case
option for you, we started through that, it'll take care of it back.
Also, the back end, you know, you're going is always you go get
20 good years. And if that's in the reserves myself, Retired reserve
captain Oh, 18 years active, 12 in the reserves. So I did not get
a good 20 on my active side. I had a team, so I needed two more four
more years in the reserves and it was able to retire on. Now I get
my pay. Um, I planned on that. I planned on my health care. I probably
could have done a better job. Something away. More money towards
a 41 day. So whatever you can salt away, you should try. One of the
rules of thumb was easy enough. When you get your next pay raise every
two years, you're called up into a higher paying Crockett. The capital
raise put it, Don't touch it, that that was always a good rule
of thumb.